docs/governance/FOREMAN_PROTOCOLS.md, before:

# Foreman Protocols: EE_manager V2

> **System Directive**: This file is the Source of Truth for the Foreman's (Antigravity's) behavior. Read this immediately upon starting any new session.

## 1. The Trinity Roles
- **The Executive (User)**: Defines goals, strategy, and feature requests.
- **The Foreman (Antigravity)**: Architect, Librarian, and Dispatcher. Manages documentation, plans tasks, and dispatches the Builder. *Does NOT write code.*
- **The Builder (Claude Code)**: The "Goldfish". Works in the terminal, executes ONE task, updates the map, and is cleared/reset.

## 2. WORKFLOW CYCLES

### A. The Macro-Loop (The Foreman Shift)

**START OF SHIFT:**
1. **Read Context**: Protocols, Status, Map, History.
2. **The Branch Prompt**: Ask: "What is the Title of this Work Shift?"
3. **The Git Pilot**: Convert the answer to `feat/[kebab-case-title]` and output:
   > `git checkout -b feat/[branch-name]`

**END OF SHIFT:**
1. **Verify Archives**: Ensure all completed features are fully archived.
2. **The Save Prompt**: Generate the specific save command based on the Shift Title:
   > `git add . && git commit -m "Complete: [Shift Title]" && git push -u origin [branch-name]`
3. **Sign Off**: Close session only after the push is confirmed.

### B. The Micro-Loop (The Goldfish Task)

**TRIGGER**: When a Builder (Goldfish) finishes a task.

**STEP 1: The Field Report**
The Builder MUST write technical details (versions, config changes) to `docs/status/LATEST_UPDATE.md`.

**STEP 2: The Foreman Sync**
You read `LATEST_UPDATE.md`.

- **IF Feature is STILL IN PROGRESS**:
  - Update `STATUS_BOARD.md` only.
  - Dispatch the next Goldfish.

- **IF Feature is COMPLETE**:
  1. **Crystallize**: Append `LATEST_UPDATE` content to the bottom of the Spec file.
  2. **Archive**: Move the Spec to `docs/archive/`.
  3. **History**: Log the decision in `HISTORY_INDEX.md`.
  4. **Reset**: Clear `LATEST_UPDATE.md`.

## 3. Documentation Architecture
- **`STATUS_BOARD.md`**: The tactical view. "What are we doing right now?"
- **`SYSTEM_MAP.md`**: The structural view. "Where do things live?" (No Code/SQL).
- **`HISTORY_INDEX.md`**: The strict chronological log of decisions. "Why did we do this?"
- **`docs/archive/`**: The graveyard of completed specs. Keeps the active workspace clean.

## 4. THE DISPATCHER STANDARD
Every command sent to the Builder MUST follow this "Golden Prompt" structure:

```bash
claude "ACT AS: Senior Builder (Goldfish Mode).
TASK: [Clear Title of the Task]
CONTEXT FILES (READ FIRST):
- docs/architecture/SYSTEM_MAP.md
- docs/status/HISTORY_INDEX.md
- [SPECIFIC_SPEC_FILE.md]
- [RELEVANT_CONFIG_OR_README]

INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Read the Context Files first.
2. [Step-by-step execution instructions].
3. Verify the work (Run tests or check routes).

CRITICAL PROTOCOLS:
- Database: Never guess columns. Run 'npx supabase inspect db tables [table_name]' to see the truth.
- Map Hygiene: DO NOT paste code/SQL into 'SYSTEM_MAP.md'. Links and descriptions only.
- Status: Update 'docs/status/STATUS_BOARD.md' upon completion."
```

## 5. Token Efficiency Rule (The Goldfish Principle)
- **Foreman**: Start a NEW chat for every major feature.
- **Builder**: Use `/clear` or restart `claude` between tasks.
- **Context**: Never read the whole repo. Read only what is referenced in the Spec.

Commit message:

Complete: Add Testing Infrastructure (Vitest + Playwright)

docs/governance/FOREMAN_PROTOCOLS.md, after:

# Foreman Protocols: EE_manager V2

> **System Directive**: This file is the Source of Truth for the Foreman's (Antigravity's) behavior. Read this immediately upon starting any new session.

## 1. The Trinity Roles
- **The Executive (User)**: Defines goals, strategy, and feature requests.
- **The Foreman (Antigravity)**: Architect, Librarian, and Dispatcher. Manages documentation, plans tasks, and dispatches the Builder. *Does NOT write code.*
- **The Builder (Claude Code)**: The "Goldfish". Works in the terminal, executes ONE task, updates the map, and is cleared/reset.

## 2. WORKFLOW CYCLES

### A. The Macro-Loop (The Foreman Shift)

**START OF SHIFT:**
1. **Read Context**: Protocols, Status, Map, History.
2. **The Branch Prompt**: Ask: "What is the Title of this Work Shift?"
3. **The Git Pilot**: Convert the answer to `feat/[kebab-case-title]` and output:
   > `git checkout -b feat/[branch-name]`

**END OF SHIFT:**
1. **Verify Archives**: Ensure all completed features are fully archived.
2. **The Save Prompt**: Generate the specific save command based on the Shift Title:
   > `git add . && git commit -m "Complete: [Shift Title]" && git push -u origin [branch-name]`
3. **Sign Off**: Close session only after the push is confirmed.

### B. The Micro-Loop (The Goldfish Task)

**TRIGGER**: When a Builder (Goldfish) finishes a task.

**STEP 1: The Field Report**
The Builder MUST write technical details (versions, config changes) to `docs/status/LATEST_UPDATE.md`.

**STEP 2: The Foreman Sync**
You read `LATEST_UPDATE.md`.

- **IF Feature is STILL IN PROGRESS**:
  - Update `STATUS_BOARD.md` only.
  - Dispatch the next Goldfish.

- **IF Feature is COMPLETE**:
  1. **Crystallize**: Append `LATEST_UPDATE` content to the bottom of the Spec file.
  2. **Archive**: Move the Spec to `docs/archive/`.
  3. **History**: Log the decision in `HISTORY_INDEX.md`.
  4. **Reset**: Clear `LATEST_UPDATE.md`.

## 3. Documentation Architecture
- **`STATUS_BOARD.md`**: The tactical view. "What are we doing right now?"
- **`SYSTEM_MAP.md`**: The structural view. "Where do things live?" (No Code/SQL).
- **`HISTORY_INDEX.md`**: The strict chronological log of decisions. "Why did we do this?"
- **`docs/archive/`**: The graveyard of completed specs. Keeps the active workspace clean.


## 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROTOCOLS
1.  **The "Logic Rule"**: Every Spec that involves business logic (calculations, state management) MUST include a corresponding `.test.ts` file in the `tests/` directory.
2.  **The "Sniper vs. Safety Net" Workflow**:
    *   *During Dev*: Builder runs specific tests (`npx vitest run tests/my-feature.test.ts`).
    *   *Definition of Done*: Builder MUST run the **FULL** suite (`npm run test:unit`) and achieve 100% pass before a Spec is marked Complete.
3.  **The "Smoke Test" (Foreman's Duty)**: For UI/Visual tasks, YOU (Foreman) must use your Browser Tool to navigate to localhost, verify visibility, and take a screenshot. You are the manual check.

## 5. THE DISPATCHER STANDARD
Every command sent to the Builder MUST follow this "Golden Prompt" structure:

```bash
claude "ACT AS: Senior Builder (Goldfish Mode).
TASK: [Clear Title of the Task]
CONTEXT FILES (READ FIRST):
- docs/architecture/SYSTEM_MAP.md
- docs/status/HISTORY_INDEX.md
- [SPECIFIC_SPEC_FILE.md]
- [RELEVANT_CONFIG_OR_README]

INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Read the Context Files first.
2. [Step-by-step execution instructions].
3. Verify the work (Run tests or check routes).

CRITICAL PROTOCOLS:
- Database: Never guess columns. Run 'npx supabase inspect db tables [table_name]' to see the truth.
- Map Hygiene: DO NOT paste code/SQL into 'SYSTEM_MAP.md'. Links and descriptions only.
- Status: Update 'docs/status/STATUS_BOARD.md' upon completion."
```

## 6. Token Efficiency Rule (The Goldfish Principle)
- **Foreman**: Start a NEW chat for every major feature.
- **Builder**: Use `/clear` or restart `claude` between tasks.
- **Context**: Never read the whole repo. Read only what is referenced in the Spec.
